[Music]
hey girlfriend buck on hopeless post
and wtf moments then you are here today
for once, really warm
welcome to
[Music]
the wonderful world of the lvs i mean
we know we have in the last
followed by chewed correctly by the
potpourri to the really borderline ssten
picture but that help you now comes
I've never seen anything like it
yes the manufacturer had no
status but they certainly had one
great time yes wanted to do exactly that
also not be recognized
A turnaround to do that
well cool idea I tell myself all
animals and then makes it about those 1
l here with my dog 111 with mine
song 111 email slap ship and if it's elfi
with the giraffe my explanation for that
either lacks of people
friends with family but with animals
certainly not extra post a bit of
laptop to exactly and on the laptop served
In addition, the camera crane the photo straight
I honestly shot
what just think the people here
benjamin not help with my
anaconda to photograph well that was
have already gotten warm and now it works
really going on
following post it again very politically
breathtakingly deep senses
I have explained the world now it works
first in the bathtub will be safe
again wet heart
I'm really touched
[Music]
Thank you honestly shit on mario barth the
in football stadien fills the filled
football stadium
I mean what's the name of the woman marilyn ob
deals or what I mean so with
she really did not care about that joke
we know it was summer and what is it
it's always warm in summer in summer
the claim could come from the victim
In any case, it is so that people
to put pressure on the right one
figure to reach summer yet
a little something for the character and
is the summer quite there is still is
little time longest manufacturer fierce
on hashtag yet another diet
little bit hashtag for the characters
diet set
only missing hashtag filter is the
joke completely well I'm of opinion
although less figure there is none
figure to recognize more or some
I will understand now
maybe yes, too
abercrombie & fitch work
So they want to work here
because a sixpack no I have not
span during the work and the videos
not to the typical application interview
even love does not end much
more beautiful
Of course you know that, too
out there, the heat sinks 500 degrees in the
Shade everything clear
One is naked and coincidentally
one then naked on the toilet and
do you know friends there are moments that
telling life is a beautiful one
Moments are romantic moments right now
if your girlfriend is with you for the
would like to thank great week
That's why the girlfriend thought in the
following example probable
werne is super cool idea during my
friend in sneakers open because
presses for the week to thank
[Music]
I've had a number with hashtag monday yes
It was not such a great idea one man
Great tiles, great tiles well and the
I arrived at monday
I mean do wonder what the
Thursdays are bitter for them
sweet love and appreciation
[Applause]
after so much romance and profundity
we come to the question of the day
us what you think of the times
Beauty in the direction of summer
you have to lose weight for the
summer you have to have the dream figure
Write me your opinion in the
Comments
but that's not all there is now
it still the gerry pick of the bay thank you
duel for this great drawing, yes, if
her distinction then has the
facebook fanpage or by mail everything in
the video description so friends that
was my time for today do not forget
to rate the video and to
comment if you have nothing left
want to miss subscribes to the channel
but and I have facebook twitter
instagram all links in the video
description looks over all the time
just tell us how to play
Starting today, let's play hot stocks
so start the link to the let's
play channel below in the video
description that 's it to special train
commentary blitz and today pure people
[Music]